---
id: 442
title: Exam Week!
date: 2012-12-08T10:44:35+00:00
author: Phong Huynh
layout: post
guid: http://www.phonghuynh.ca/?p=442
permalink: /exam-week/
dsq_thread_id:
  - "4281612292"
categories:
  - Web Development
tags:
  - final exams
  - presentation
  - web application development
  - web development
  - weekly blog
---
This upcoming week is exam week so I will probably not be writing a lot in this blog. This is the first time that I have to work during final exams and I have to say&#8230; it is pretty tough. I have not gotten much studying done because I have been procrastinating everything including my final Web Application Development project that is worth 20%! For the actual exam, half of my time is literally spent on trying to figure out what what grade I will get if I give up and hand it in.

### Presentation

The presentation rehearsal with Bernie and Sean was not too bad. I just think that we need more practice, especially with our transitions and as a team. Their tip for me was to be more enthusiastic, but it is hard to be enthusiastic when I get 3 hours of sleep on Mondays and when I am standing in front of the class trying to remember what to say.

### Web Application Development (ASP.NET)

This exam will most likely be the hardest exam, particularly because stuff from the midterm exam will be on it. I just hope that I can do better on the multiple choice because multiple choice usually shits on me. Back in my programming course, I thought I did well on the Java final but I actually almost failed because of the multiple choice. Anyway, there is also the final project that everyone is struggling on. The one thing I hate is how vague and ambiguous the description of most of assignments and projects are. It is rather confusing since all of the other classes have good marking schemes. For this final project I am struggling with the amount of CMS pages required (I think it is 5 that is required) . I have 5 public pages for the main website, but only 3 of them are database-driven so I will only be able to do 3 CMS pages. Here comes the crappy mark I guess&#8230; Yep I am going to be pessimistic all week. Oh and hey I actually got over 300 words!